Time: 6/7/2010 

Source code and datasets for NLPCC 2020 paper "An Iterative Embedding-based Framework for Detecting Similar Mobile Applications"


Introduction：
In this paper, we propose a novel framework by knowledge graph (KG) techniques and embedding models to fill these gaps. For the construction of KG, we further design a lightweight ontology tailored for the service of cybersecurity analysts. Benefited from a well-defined schema, more linkages can be shared among apps.
To detect similar apps, we divide the relations in KG into structured and unstructured ones according to their related content. Then, TextRank algorithm is employed to extract important tokens from unstructured texts and transform them into structured triples. In this way, the representations of apps in our framework can be iteratively learned by KG embedding methods and network embedding models for improving the performance of similar apps detection.
Preliminary results indicate the effectiveness of our framework comparing to several existing methods in terms of reciprocal ranking and minimum ranking. 


Code Usage:
The parameters file of pre-training model TransE needs to be decompressed to the directory of "src" folder.

The model in our experiment are in the following scripts:
src/model.py
src/net2vec.py
To train these model, please run:
src/train.py
To evalute the effective of our model, please run following scripts:
src/rr.py
src/rankmin.py
src/rarnk_cal.py

Dependencies:
Python (>=3.6)
pytorch (>=1.1.0)
Numpy
sklearn

Training:
The training parameters are same in the two datasets.
train times:500
batchsize:1024
learning rate:0.01
embedding size:128
negative rate:5
negative sampling:”unif”
optimize method:”Adam”


Data sets:  
MAKG-E is a benchmark dataset that select some apps with Chinese and English in mobile applications knowledge graph. For each app in the test set, we invite several experienced analysts to select 20 most similar apps as a standard set from the candidate apps generated by TF-IDF algorithm based on their textual descriptions.
MAKG-E-Plus is an enhanced one that has integrated important tokens and corresponding relationships of apps based on TextRank algorithm, in which the threshold $\theta$ for selecting important tokens is set to 0.5.